As you can see from the frequency of this blog, I don't have a lot of time to dedicate to this.

I'm actually considering take a week off work to work on it - basically to have some focus time to 'get the hard stuff out of the way'. The idea being that I can spend some time here and there doing the fun stuff like creating new value and draw makers etc.

## Sunday 15th

There we go, my progress for yesterday was two lines in a blog.

Anyway, I think where I'm at is wanting to do a tidy up of the typings, deleting unused code etc.

But like, that's hard and requires concerted effort.

### Tidy up tasks

- ~~Move ModelMapper.ts to somewhere more appropriate~~

- There are a bunch of ts-ignores, those are probably a good starting point

- Add tests
  - Good strategy might be:
    1. Identify code that can be deleted
    2. Delete it
    3. Did tests break?
    4. Is the application still working?

|                     | Tests Broke  | Application Broke |
| ------------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |
| Tests Passing       | X            | Add tests         |
| Application Working | Remove tests | X                 |

~~Hmmm, need to fix tests first~~

- ~~What is ModelMapper's responsibility?~~

  - ~~It looks like the entry point/interface for the FE to interact with the pure model~~

~~- Delete Quartz~~

- But what is the philosophy for ticking?

  - Document that somewhere

- Delete:

  - ~~Linear mover~~
  -

- Move

  - AbstractDrawItem
  - AbstractModelItem

- Abstract Model item has a bunch of different stuff, needs to be separated in a sensible manner

## Progress

OK, so done a bit of a non-refactor clean up. Feels better.

So:

It appears that a lot of the core logic/data model is in `AbstractModelItem` and man, there's a lot of stuff there. It's crazy revisiting your old code and thinking, 'man I can't believe I wrote this'.

Anyway, what that needs is:

- An explanation of the philosophy and how each item is used.
- Tests if they don't already exist.
- Pull implementation specific stuff out.
- Probably put AbstractModelItem into a folder called 'Framework'.
