
What am I doing today? 

I should probably sign off my other blog posts with 'what next' because I can not remember what I did a week ago. 

I think we're I'm at is the `constructModelFromJsonArray` stuff. 

Probably next steps are to make sure that it is working, and then get the whole thing working with the frontend again. 

And I think where there might be an issue is extracting the FE controls from the model. 



Ok, so I think where we're at: 


The full 'value making model' is working. However, _no drawables_. 

The value making model also will give you the right controls. 

Need to create a second layer that matches the values to draw makers? 



If we think about what is in App.tsx. 

App.tsx just wants to say 'Here's my complete model (of value makers, draw makers, and how we want to display the controls), I need: 

- To give the list of controls to the control panel, and recieve onUpdate events from them to pass back into the model, which the model should understand what do with
- The Canvas needs to call a regular 'getDrawables' and draw them. 
'


So really the whole 'model object' needs: 

- getControls
- handleUpdate
- getDrawables

Ok, great, that does look like what's what `TheWholeModel` already has, so I just need to fit this new `ModelMap` into the `TheWholeModel`. 



Ok, just went down a bit of a unneccesary rabbit whole with some of this stuff, trying to do type checking enforcing that the value type of references to parameters match what the draw makers expect. 

The thing is - this needs to be a run time check anyway. 

I think what I am going to do is move on without the runtime check, but that is something I will need to do. 



Alright! Well, as terrible as this code looks, it actually is back where I was, and this reference model seems to be working. 

So next steps is to tidy up all the typings and get doing more proof of concept work. 



Alright, have gone through an done a type tidy up, pretty happy with how that is going. 

I've likely broken all the typings on the tests, don't really want to look at that. 

Time for a fun task. I'm going to create a simple sine wave, and demo some frequency modulation on it. 


Actually, before we do that: 


Current state: 

- Typings on tests are likely broken /tests are broken 
- Needs run time validation on value references
- The value types of params are broken - see the 'i've fucked up' messages. 
- Needs a display overlay configuration. 
- Fun task - create simple sine. 


